hello to all youtube eros good here you
I bring a video of the home page
and you know well the pv refers to not
understand too much
let's see everyone you know how to record
playstation3 and if you do not know
there are many tutorials go to look for
there this video is to show you
record play station2 that there is none
or at least in Spanish to none
because I was killing myself to look for it and I had
I discover it for myself or my to
see this cable here good here are
with battery power this
cable is the computer that you can
see there worth is this here and then
there is the stack of components the top one
goes to the consoles and the one below goes to the
TV
we'll see
the bottom row clear that is the TV
this is from here it's worth these three
someone's cables and you just have to
worry about how you can know which
it is this very easy, it is the same
the same entry and exit as the
colors white and yellow red
play 2 and play 3
so then you have to do
when you have the play 2 in front
yours with the red cable
Once you get the white and yellow commanded
dais to system configuration
we give him
in configuring in controlling the age in
system configuration you will see that you
it puts rgv surely you have it in the rgp
and you have to change it to what it says
here next
you give him and we give him back is worth
is changed that was the fundamental thing that
you had to do after this that
you have to do
you come here behind the play 2
you remove the only cable that you have to
have that is the one with the yellow red and
and white that is plugged behind the
console and as the component cables already
are plugged into the TV you only have
that change this cable here this from
here that is the one that is connected to
to the console
then we have here
we plugged it in quietly
is already plugged in and now we take the
command we change the port of the ub to
components
and so much tachán on TV at least
you see now they see the problem that people
it will say but it can be aggravated or it can not be
record balls what interests me
it is clear that you can record for that
I'm going to give you to capture
we are going to capture him
and you can see how it looks here and in
TV is also seen in both and god
let's see
You see moves and sounds
to see the volume at full
if not the knives you hear
or not
I'll do the show as if it
it is recorded I can do the demonstration with
this same because so that it does not lengthen
a lot of the video but my channel is good
videos of the play 2 so if
you are interested in seeing the quality of the graphic
you just have to get to me
channel and look for the games that go up
play 2 and if still not up none
well
I say subscribe, it's me that you make me a
please, so it's worth four nonsense
from the buttons and we're going to stop the
video is worth we give to turn off the TV
keep watching and I 've told you it looks
or you can be playing watching the
tele and will be recording calm
so it has come here with the
other videos we give
we enlarge the image we give to the play
as you can see yes it has been recorded
well that's it for this video os
I have taught how to record playstation2 with the
homepage I hope to have helped you if
you have any doubt
if you have any questions about the audio
how can I record while I'm
speaking on that and I can not help you
The only thing I can tell you is that you
download a program for the computer
audacity type still changes citi side and I
it's fatal and while you're playing you're going
talking
and if not, well, not me, that can not
help because I do not know either
I once discovered it by chance and
I will teach you so I hope that I have
liked this video I hope to have
helped especially
and well then nothing more for this video a
hug until next time